Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain a
fantasy and horror film called "The Head Hunter."
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
The coldness in the man's eyes complements
the freezing temperature surrounding him.
Father finally snaps back to reality
and breathes heavily to warm himself up.
A branch breaking catches his attention, making
him wary of his surroundings. An alarm system
made up of string and bones rustles at the touch
of a creature; it then crosses the boundary.
He anticipates the creature with a sword in hand,
meeting it halfway. The sounds of slicing and
the creature howling echo throughout the forest.
He returns, and his daughter calls out to him.
Father kneels to comfort his freezing daughter.
He realizes the blood in his hand
that's been transferred to her coat.
Time passes, and a tragedy occurs.
A monster kills his daughter,
and since then, he has sought revenge. His
home is now filled with a collection of heads,
but he has yet to sever the
head of his daughter’s killer.
A lonely night arrives, and Father
sits by the fire reciting his prayer.
He harvests innards from a creature and
awaits to eat one roasting by the fire.
Morning comes, and he pulls a creature's
skull into his shack’s balcony.
Father retrieves a fish stuck in the eye socket,
and he releases the skull back into the depths.
Using tongs, Father drops the fish into
a mixture that instantly dissolves it. He
starts producing an orange powder. He then grabs
small bones and spits at his knife, incorporating
all the ingredients together. Meanwhile, the
squeaking window knocks over a jar of powder.
After preparing the dry components, Father
exits the shack to tends his cauldron,
which contains a boiling dark liquid. He pours
the hot mixture through a filter into jars.
He locks them in place and leaves them to ferment.
Outside, he sits on a block of wood and
admires the beauty of his surroundings.
He talks to his daughter's grave
and offers her a metal arrowhead.
Legend says that the arrowhead can carry souls to
the afterlife, but Father doesn't believe in it.
After some time, squeaking from the window
disturbs Father's siesta. Feeling frustrated,
he cuts off wood and tries fixing it. He then
stops as he hears horns blaring from the castle.
The horns are a sign that a king’s order
has been sent for him to accomplish.
With his helmet on, Father rides
away to accept his mission.
Later that day, Father falls off
his horse and makes his way inside,
throwing a sack into the floor. He bleeds as
he makes his way to the mixture he prepared.
Father removes his armor and helmet and opens up
the jar. He applies the medicine to his mauled
shoulder and screams in pain. His eyes almost
pop out of their sockets as he feels relief.
A new day arrives, and the window’s squeaking
persists. Father awakens; he unsheaths his
blade and uses it as a mirror. His wounds have
miraculously healed, and he recoups his strength.
He stands and flips through his diary,
inserting another completed order from the king.
He has completed countless bounties, but he
is yet to encounter his daughter’s killer.
He stashes his loot and looks over to a bloody
sack. Inside it is a severed head of a white ape.
He displays it on his wall and smirks as
he adds another skull to his collection.
Later that day, he ties his horse down
on a tree and starts hammering on a new
chest plate in his outpost. After that, he
retrieves a creature caught in his trap.
Night arrives, and Father
sleeps soundly in his home.
His eyes open as the squeaks of the window
mask the shriek of a creature outside.
Menacing eyes watch his home. With a determined
look, Father grabs his battle-ax. The sounds of
the leaves rustling get replaced by Father's
grunts as he starts hacking the creature.
The following day, he erects the creature's
head stuck through a pole to warn potential
unwanted visitors. Father kneels by a stream to
drink some water, and a dragon flies above him.
Back home, the horn calls out
for his aide again. He sharpens
a piece of wood and hammers it to
the wall, preparing to add another
head to his collection. He grabs his
belongings and rides off on his horse.
Evening comes, and he returns home, less injured
than before. He lights up his fireplace and pulls
out a wolf's head from the bag. He sticks it into
the wall and opens up another jar of the mixture.
He sits on his throne, removes his helmet, and
reveals his mangled face. Father applies the
medicine, and he bears the pain much easier.
He closes his eyes and drifts off to sleep.
A pool of blood accumulates on the wood
flooring, and Father wakes up with new
scars. He moves the bucket to catch
the blood from his most recent prey.
Outside, he hangs his horse's bridle on a tree
where a horseshoe rests on one of the branches.
Later that day, he carves out
a wooden figurine of his horse.
He makes his way to his daughter's grave
and informs her that his horse is dead.
Another horn blares from the castle; Father cusses
in frustration as it seems he has no time to rest.
Back at home, he starts hammering
another spike but gets pricked.
He walks to the castle, leaving
the stake with his blood dripping.
Arriving at a tree, Father inspects an arrow with
a piece of parchment. He then sees the archer in a
white robe returning to the castle. He reads the
bounty, and he runs toward his daughter's grave:
the monster that killed her daughter
returns, and Father thirsts for vengeance.
He starts his journey passing various biomes.
After a long walk, Father reaches a hill where
a skeleton rests, foreshadowing the dangers ahead.
He camps out the night with the skeleton, and he
feasts on some meat. Father talks to the pile of
bones and asks what killed it. He shares about the
oath he made to his daughter, and in the distance,
a faint silhouette of the monster is seen.
Morning comes, and Father continues on
his journey. He arrives at the edge of
the waters overlooking an island
enveloped in mist and darkness.
In the depths of the cave, a
monstrous howling echoes out.
Another day arrives, and a bloody sack along
with an injured Father falls to the ground.
He removes his helmet, whimpering as coldness
and injuries take a toll on his body.
Later that day, he bathes in the river revealing
that he suffered no significant injuries.
Night arrives, and he returns to
camp out with his skeleton friend.
He drags his feet, and with every
step, fatigue catches up to him.
He remembers his daughter and
gathers the strength to return home.
Finally, he reaches his home,
realizing how much he misses his horse.
Father immediately reports to his daughter
and says that he has now fulfilled his oath.
The window continues to squeak, spilling
a jar of the mixture on the workbench—the
liquid drips, flowing down the cabinets and
to the sack containing the monster's head.
The sack starts moving, and a spine sticks out.
He returns home to see the head gone. He grabs
the jar and scoops out the mixture with his knife.
He drops it on a dead spider, and
it resurrects before his eyes.
He curses under his breath and smashes
the spider. However, the spider lives.
Night arrives, and Father prepares for the hunt.
Outside, a monster stalks within the
shadows, whispering the word "body."
It starts crawling to Father's shack. Father exits
with a torch in hand to look for the monster.
He takes every step with caution, straying farther
and farther away from his shack. He unsheaths his
blade as he sees the sack. He pierces it and holds
it up close to inspect. Suddenly, the door opens.
Father enters the home, checking every corner.
He hears a faint sound, and the view from his
helmet hinders his sight. He rushes to the
balcony, and as he turns, he sees the monster,
who dives into the river. He leaves to chase it
while something tugs the rope. It stops moving,
and the monster crawls out the depths
bringing with it the skull tied to the rope.
Father continues his pursuits; the light
from his torch is a mere speck surrounded
by the dark of night. The monster’s
hisses are now accompanied by footsteps.
Father starts waving his torch as his
anxiety grows. But then, he hears a trap
that's been set off. The monster struggles
but escapes, resuming its search for a body.
He discovers the trap and sees the
skull from his rope. Father finally
arrives at the terrifying realization of the
horror he's truly up against. Father rushes
to his daughter's grave as he figures out
that the monster is searching for a body.
In the grave, a skeleton's hand starts to move.
Father sees the dug-up grave empty. Meanwhile,
the monster begins to reconstruct
itself with the daughter's bones.
He arrives at a stream that leads deeper into
the woods. The monster now whispers the word,
father. Due to the tight passage, Father sheaths
his sword, removes his armor, and grabs his ax,
journeying farther into the tunnel. A skeleton
surprises him, and he smacks it with his torch,
putting out the flame. He tries
to light it again but fails.
The word father echoes throughout, provoking
him to go deeper into the darkness.
Further in, Father stops to observe his
surroundings, and only the water droplets
from the cave ceilings can be heard. Suddenly,
the monster reveals itself and latches on to him.
With his bare hands, he strangles it, pulling
the spine out of her daughter's bones.
The monster wraps its cord around Father
and constricts him. He removes his helmet
and grabs a blade from his belt. With every
stab, blood splatters on his face. Finally,
the monster ceases to resists. Father sighs in
relief and retrieves his daughter's remains.
Morning arrives, and he sets his daughter's
corpse with blooming flowers. He returns home
and leaves the head outside. He grabs his ax
and smashes the monster to ensure its death.
Father returns to the grave, reburies his
daughter. And with every layer of dirt he
brushes in, he's reminded of the time he would
cover her daughter with a coat. Finally, her body,
along with her soul, peacefully rests. The metal
arrowhead presents itself underneath the soil.
Father chops up some wood and creates
an arrow with it. He aims it at the sky,
closes his eyes, and fires. The
arrow lands on a rotting creature.
He finally fulfills the oath and returns home. He
passes through the still squeaking window. Then
suddenly, a faint noise of struggling and flesh
being ripped aprt is heard. Father enters the
home, oddly stepping his way in. He sticks another
head into the stake he prepared, adding himself
to the collection. The monster now inhabits his
body and walks away with a jar of the mixture.
The Father attributes revenge to his desire
to give his daughter peace. When in fact,
the Father does it for himself as a means to
bury away his self-loathing for letting her die.
As he goes on repetitive quests to kill monsters,
he loses what’s important to him little by little,
scar by scar. Then finally, he encounters the
monster who killed his daughter, getting the
opportunity to end his endless pursuit. However,
his own meticulous preparations defeat him.